README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<!-- Header with animated background -->
<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=6,11,20&height=180&section=header&text=MD%20Mahedi%20Hasan&fontSize=42&fontColor=fff&animation=twinkling&fontAlignY=32" />

<!-- Animated typing with multiple lines -->
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&duration=4000&pause=1000&color=00D9FF&center=true&vCenter=true&multiline=true&width=600&height=120&lines=Full-Stack+Web+Developer+%F0%9F%9A%80;MERN+Stack+Developer+%F0%9F%92%BB;From+Bangladesh" alt="Typing SVG" />

<!-- Animated divider -->
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74038190/212284100-561aa473-3905-4a80-b561-0d28506553ee.gif" width="400">

</div>


# 💫 About Me:
Full Stack Developer proficient in MERN & Next.js ecosystems. I write robust, type-safe code using TypeScript. Currently, I am channeling my passion into deep-diving Software Architecture, Scalable Systems, and Hybrid Solutions.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/md-mahedi-hasan-806608372) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mdmahedih038@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Context-API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Context--Api-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=react) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/daisyui-5A0EF8?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white) ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-F5788D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chart.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Mahedi-432A&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Mahedi-432A&icon=0&color=3)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<div align="center">

  <h1>Hi there, I'm Md Mahedi Hasan! 👋</h1>
  <p>Welcome to my GitHub profile.</p>

  <h2>🚀 GitHub Analytics</h2>
  <a href="https://github.com/Mahedi-432A">
    <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mahedi-432A&show_icons=true&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=58A6FF&icon_color=1F6FEB&text_color=C9D1D9&border_radius=10" alt="Mahedi's Stats" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Mahedi-432A">
    <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mahedi-432A&layout=compact&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=58A6FF&text_color=C9D1D9&border_radius=10&langs_count=8" alt="Mahedi's Top Languages" />
  </a>

  <br/>
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=Mahedi-432A&theme=react&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=58A6FF&ring=1F6FEB&fire=FF6B6B&currStreakLabel=C9D1D9&sideNums=C9D1D9&currStreakNum=58A6FF&dates=C9D1D9&sideLabels=C9D1D9&border_radius=10" alt="Streak Stats" />

  <br/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Mahedi-432A&custom_title=My%20Contribution%20Graph&bg_color=0D1117&color=58A6FF&line=1F6FEB&point=FF6B6B&area=true&hide_border=true&border_radius=10" alt="Contribution Graph" />

  <h2>🏆 Trophies</h2>
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=discord&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4&row=1&column=7" alt="Trophies" />

  <h2>📊 Detailed Summary</h2>
  <p>
    <img src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark" alt="Profile Details" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <img width="45%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/repos-per-language?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark" alt="Repos per Language" />
    <img width="45%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/most-commit-language?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark" alt="Most Commit Language" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <img width="45%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark" alt="Stats Card" />
    <img width="45%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark&utcOffset=6" alt="Productive Time" />
  </p>

</div>
<!-- Footer -->
<div align="center">

<!-- Animated Footer with Thank You -->
<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=6,11,20&height=120&section=footer&text=Thank%20You!%20%F0%9F%99%8F&fontSize=24&fontColor=fff&animation=twinkling&fontAlignY=75" />

</div>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated personal information
Updated personal introduction and added details about education, interests, and goals.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<!-- Header with animated background -->
<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=6,11,20&height=180&section=header&text=MD%20Mahedi%20Hasan&fontSize=42&fontColor=fff&animation=twinkling&fontAlignY=32" />

<!-- Animated typing with multiple lines -->
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&duration=4000&pause=1000&color=00D9FF&center=true&vCenter=true&multiline=true&width=600&height=120&lines=MERN+Stack+Developer+%F0%9F%92%BB;From+Bangladesh" alt="Typing SVG" />

<!-- Animated divider -->
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74038190/212284100-561aa473-3905-4a80-b561-0d28506553ee.gif" width="400">

</div>


# 💫 About Me:
### Hi there! 👋 I'm a MERN Stack Developer

I hold a **B.Sc. in Computer Science & Engineering** and I'm passionate about building modern web applications. Currently, I am focused on mastering the ecosystem of **Next.js** and **TypeScript** to build type-safe and performant applications.

- 🔭 **I’m currently working on:** Advanced web applications using Next.js & TypeScript.
- 🎓 **Background:** B.Sc. in Computer Science & Engineering.
- 🧠 **Interests:** My core interest lies in **Software Architecture** and System Design.
- 💡 **Goal:** I aspire to build **scalable systems** and engineer robust **hybrid solutions** for complex problems.
- ⚡ **Focus:** Writing clean, maintainable code and optimizing application performance.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/md-mahedi-hasan-806608372) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mdmahedih038@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Context-API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Context--Api-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=react) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/daisyui-5A0EF8?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white) ![Chart.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/chart.js-F5788D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chart.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Mahedi-432A&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Mahedi-432A&icon=0&color=3)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<div align="center">

  <h1>Hi there, I'm Md Mahedi Hasan! 👋</h1>
  <p>Welcome to my GitHub profile.</p>

  <h2>🚀 GitHub Analytics</h2>
  <a href="https://github.com/Mahedi-432A">
    <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mahedi-432A&show_icons=true&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=58A6FF&icon_color=1F6FEB&text_color=C9D1D9&border_radius=10" alt="Mahedi's Stats" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Mahedi-432A">
    <img height="180" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mahedi-432A&layout=compact&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=58A6FF&text_color=C9D1D9&border_radius=10&langs_count=8" alt="Mahedi's Top Languages" />
  </a>

  <br/>
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=Mahedi-432A&theme=react&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=58A6FF&ring=1F6FEB&fire=FF6B6B&currStreakLabel=C9D1D9&sideNums=C9D1D9&currStreakNum=58A6FF&dates=C9D1D9&sideLabels=C9D1D9&border_radius=10" alt="Streak Stats" />

  <br/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Mahedi-432A&custom_title=My%20Contribution%20Graph&bg_color=0D1117&color=58A6FF&line=1F6FEB&point=FF6B6B&area=true&hide_border=true&border_radius=10" alt="Contribution Graph" />

  <h2>🏆 Trophies</h2>
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=discord&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4&row=1&column=7" alt="Trophies" />

  <h2>📊 Detailed Summary</h2>
  <p>
    <img src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark" alt="Profile Details" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <img width="45%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/repos-per-language?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark" alt="Repos per Language" />
    <img width="45%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/most-commit-language?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark" alt="Most Commit Language" />
  </p>
  <p>
    <img width="45%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark" alt="Stats Card" />
    <img width="45%" src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=Mahedi-432A&theme=github_dark&utcOffset=6" alt="Productive Time" />
  </p>

</div>
<!-- Footer -->
<div align="center">

<!-- Animated Footer with Thank You -->
<img width="100%" src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&customColorList=6,11,20&height=120&section=footer&text=Thank%20You!%20%F0%9F%99%8F&fontSize=24&fontColor=fff&animation=twinkling&fontAlignY=75" />

</div>
